Sign up for a GitHub account: Go to the GitHub website (https://github.com) and sign up for a new account. Follow the instructions to create your account.

Install Git: If Git is not already installed on your system, download and install it from the official Git website (https://git-scm.com).

Set up Git: After installing Git, open a terminal or command prompt and configure your Git username and email address using the following commands (replace "Your Name" and "your.email@example.com" with your actual name and email address):
git config --global user.name "Your Name"
git config --global user.email "your.email@example.com"

Create a new repository on GitHub: Once you have set up your Git configuration, go to the GitHub website and log in to your account. Click on the "+" icon in the top-right corner and select "New repository" from the dropdown menu. Give your repository a name and optionally add a description. You can choose to make it public or private.

Create a local Git repository: Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the directory where you want to create your local repository. Use the following command to initialize a new Git repository:
git init

Add and commit your code: Add your code files to the Git repository using the following command:
git add .
This command adds all the files in the current directory to the staging area.

Next, commit the changes by running the following command:
git commit -m "Initial commit"
Replace "Initial commit" with an appropriate commit message that describes the changes you made.

Link your local repository to the remote repository: Copy the URL of your remote GitHub repository. In your terminal or command prompt, use the following command to add the remote repository:
git remote add origin <repository_url>
Replace <repository_url> with the URL of your remote repository.

Push your code to GitHub: Finally, push your committed code to the remote repository using the following command:
git push -u origin master
This command pushes your code to the "master" branch of the remote repository.

You may be prompted to enter your GitHub username and password or provide an access token, depending on your GitHub authentication settings.